hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2011 fantasy adventure film
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Part 2 the 8th Harry Potter film so
let's get started
the spoiler does require in part that
you've seen the previous film if you
need to see a spoiler for it check out
the link in the cards below after
burying Dobby
the trio decide with the help of the
goblin Griphook to break into Bellatrix
Lestrange is evolved in Gringotts Bank
suspecting that another Horcrux is there
Griphook agrees to help them in exchange
for the Sword of Gryffindor wand maker
Ollivander explains to Harry that their
wands that they took belonged to
Bellatrix and Draco Malfoy
but because Harry disarmed Malfoy the
wand has now changed as so legions once
inside the vault they find the Horcrux
is hufflepuff's cup they retrieve it and
Griphook
takes the sword and the vault security
is activated sending off alarms the trio
are able to escape on the back of an
imprisoned dragon
Voldemort finds out about the theft and
kills many at the bank now aware that
Harry is pursuing the Horcruxes Harry
realizes that there must be another
Horcrux related to Ravenclaw at Hogwarts
they are then able to sneak back into
Hogwarts with the help of Dumbledore's
brother Aberforth and they meet neville
longbottom
who has gathered a small army of
students to fight against the Death
Eaters that have taken over the school
Snape the new headmaster begins to
threaten anyone who is trying to help
Harry but Harry reveals himself with the
help of students teachers and the
members of the order of the Phoenix and
they all begin about Harry talks to the
ghost of Helena Ravenclaw reveals that
her mother's diadem was used as a
Horcrux and it is located in the Room of
Requirement
Hermione travels with Ron into the
Chamber of Secrets and recover a basque
alas Fang to destroy hufflepuff's cup
and afterwards they share a kiss in the
Room of Requirement draco and other
Slytherin students attack Harry Ron and
Hermione intervene
one student casts a powerful fiend fire
spell and is burned to death
Harry saves Draco and destroys the
diadem by using a Pascal as Fang and
throwing it into the fire as Voldemort's
army attacks Harry discovers that the
final Horcrux is his pet snake Nagini
they then witness Voldemort talking to
Snape telling Snape that the reason the
Elder Wand hasn't been working properly
for him is because Snape is the one who
the wand shows allegiance to so
Voldemort has Nagini kill Snape before
Snape dies however he gives his memories
to Harry
during all the fighting at the school
Fred Weasley Lupin and Tonks have all
been killed Harry takes Snape's memory
and uses a pensive to learn more about
how James Potter bullied Snape and how
Snape loved Lily Potter after their
deaths Snape vowed to Dumbledore to do
whatever it took to protect Harry and
that the dobut Ronis that aided him in
the previous film to find the sword was
sent by Snape Harry also learns that he
himself is actually the eighth Horcrux
and must die to make Fulda more
vulnerable a secret that Dumbledore
never revealed to Harry Harry then
decides to surrender himself to
Voldemort in the Forbidden Forest were
Hold'em or cast the killing curse on him
Harry enters into limbo where he is met
by the spirit of Dumbledore who explains
that Voldemort destroyed the part of his
soul that was with and Harry Harry
returns back to his body being carried
by Hagrid seemingly dead Voldemort
announces that he has killed Harry and
demands that everyone surrender Harry
then reveals that he is actually alive
and some of the Death Eaters including
the Malfoy's flee Harry and Voldemort
battle through the castle and nephal
decapitate snow guinea using the Sword
of Gryffindor now that the final Horcrux
has been destroyed Voldemort is now
vulnerable Molly Weasley kills Bellatrix
Lestrange Harry eventually is able to
rebound Voldemort's killing curse
obliterating him after the battle Harry
explains that the reason Voldemort
couldn't defeat Harry even though he had
the Elder Wand is because the Elder Wand
didn't actually belong to him a Snape
wasn't the one
disarmed Dumbledore Draco was the one
who disarmed Dumbledore making the Elder
Wand Draco's but then Harry disarmed
Draco making the Elder Wand Harry's
Harry decides though to destroy the
elderly the film transitions to nineteen
years later where we see Ron and
Hermione long to school along with the
children of Harry and Ginny so that was
the spoilers for Harry Potter and the
Deathly Hallows Part 2 if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts in the
various terms are served from media
listed below and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]